GameTeX is currently at version 1.1.



Contents of this directory: GameTeX/ is a complete copy of the current
version of GameTeX.

gametex.tar.bz2 is a compressed tarball of GameTeX/.  You can
uncompress it with "bunzip2 gametex.tar.bz2" and untar the result with
"tar xf gametex.tar" (or, on linux systems, do both with "tar xfj
gametex.tar.bz2").



Setting up GameTeX: To install GameTeX, simply copy the files from
GameTeX/ to wherever you are keeping files for your game.  You will
probably rename the top GameTeX/ directory to something representative
of your game, such that Blusheets/, Charsheets/, etc. are under
YourGame/, or you'll put the entire GameTeX/ tree under
YourGame/GameTeX/.

Next you will (probably) change the GameTeX classname and set up your
environment to be able to latex files.  This is documented in
GameTeX/README.



Documentation: Nearly all GameTeX documentation is in the form of
README files and the comments of certain files that you'll be editing.
All GMs should read GameTeX/README, as well as the README files in
each of the sub-directories.  You should also skim through the
-LIST.tex files in Lists/.

GameTeX/README covers the overall organization and installation of
GameTeX, as well as a few key concepts.  Lists/README describes in
detail how things in your game are organized, and Production/README
describes how that translates into producing your game.
LaTeX/game.cls contains comments on a variety of high-level
customizations.  The comments in LaTeX/gametex.sty are useful if you
want to know how things work or are planning on more serious
customization.  The Extras/ directory contains a few README- files
that cover advanced and optional features.  A copy of this file
resides at Extras/README-meta.



Mailing List: the list gametex-gms@mit.edu is for GameTeX
announcements and occasional discussion.  You can add yourself using
blanche, listmaint, or other moira programs.



Version Changes: Major number changes (1.x -> 2) reflect a major
restructuring of how GameTeX works.  Minor number changes (1.1 -> 1.2)
are added/changed functionality.  Revision number changes (1.0.1 ->
1.0.2) are minor functionality changes that require code changes only
in .sty files (documentation may be changed elsewhere).  Letter
changes (1.1 -> 1.1a, 1.0.2b -> 1.0.2c) are bugfixes, code polish, and
isolated documentation improvements.  Some minor fixes, like
spelling/grammar fixes in documentation, won't get any version change.




Version History:

1.0 (12/29/2008): First formal release.

1.0a (7/15/2009): Fixed a bug involving notebook page numbering, added
mentions of the _template.tex files into their respective README.tex
files, and created playerlist variable \MYrole for Char and GM
datatypes, so that column can be used as-is.

1.0b (12/16/2009): Documentation for latex/elatex updated for TeX Live
distributions, now that Athena 10 uses TeX Live.  Extras/gametex.pl
now uses latex instead of elatex, for TeX Live.  GM macros are
sortable by \MYplayer, and Handouts/rules-scenario.tex does so.  Typos
fixed in Handouts/rules-scenario.tex and Extras/README-namemappings.
\EVERY commands can now contain paragraph breaks.  itemz/enum/desc
environments have slightly smarter code for calculating nested
indentation.

1.1 (2/6/2010): Skill lists are now a standard feature, produced by
Production/skilllist-PRINT.tex.  \MYstats and \MYskills are proper
ownership fields.  Stats are now an element type (skills are just
abilities assigned to \MYskills).  Expanded commands for detailed
control of element ownership (\owner, \notowner, \ownerdefault,
\suite, \notsuite, \transowner, \nottransowner).  Removed use of
deprecated pstcol package (standard pstricks package now incorporates
pstcol's features).




Known Issues:

None currently.




Copyright (c) Ken Clary and the MIT Assassins' Guild.

You may use, copy, and/or modify this software for any purpose with or
without fee, provided that the above copyright notice and this
permission notice appear in all copies.  You may not distribute
modifications of this software, in whole or in part, under its
original name, or otherwise cause version splintering.
